KubeVirt Subpages (#417)
rokt-cloud/website: content/en/services/openshift-virtualization-accelerator-package.md

---

> title: "Tim&Koko OpenShift Virtualization Accelerator-Package"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Tim&Koko OpenShift Virtualization Accelerator Package"
```

slug: "openshift-virtualization-accelerator"

> description: "Unser Accelerator Paket für einen schnellen Einstig in die OpenShift Virtualization Welt"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Our Accelerator package for a quick entry into the world of OpenShift Virtualization"
```

titleVisible: "OpenShift Virtualization"
titleSublineVisible: "Accelerator-Package"
image: "images/landing-pages/tk-landingpage-labs-1500x600.png"
date: 2022-10-31T00:00:00+00:00
lastmod: 2024-08-24T00:00:00+00:00
draft: false
blogposts: [ 'kubevirt-introduction', 'kubevirt-training']
images: ["images/landing-pages/tk-landingpage-labs-OG-1200x630.png"]
Sitemap:
  Priority: 0.3

# # don't publish the page
# _build:
#  list: never
#  render: never
---

With our extensive experience in traditional virtualization and Kubernetes, we help companies seamlessly modernize and successfully migrate workloads. Additionally, we offer specialized [training]({{< ref "blog/2024-kubevirt-training" >}}) to prepare your team for the future. This package helps you quickly explore the possibilities of Kubernetes-based virtualization and assess the potential for a new or parallel strategy.

&nbsp;

### Description

> The **OpenShift Virtualization Accelerator-Package** accelerates customers' adoption of Kubernetes-based virtualization. After the accelerator package, customers will have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **OpenShift Virtualization Accelerator Package** accelerates customers' adoption of Kubernetes-based virtualization. After the accelerator package, customers will have:
```

* **A custom virtualization strategy** aligned with your business goals and ready to drive operational efficiency.

> * **A Skilled, Enabled Team** with hands-on experience in KubeVirt, prepared to manage and expand your Kubernetes-based virtualization independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **A Skilled, Enabled Team** with hands-on experience in OpenShift Virtualization, prepared to manage and expand your Kubernetes-based virtualization independently.
```

* **A Proof-of-Concept (PoC) Environment** built and tested, providing a secure playground for ongoing experimentation and training.
* **A Clear Migration Roadmap** identifying priority workloads and a structured approach for smooth, impactful migration.

> Improved Resource Utilization and Cost Savings with an optimized platform that supports container and VM workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Improved Resource Utilization and Cost Savings** with an optimized platform that supports container and VM workloads.
```

> * **An Alternative** to Broadcom with Kubernetes-based virtualization, enabling flexibility and independence from Broadcom’s ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **An Alternative** to Broadcom with Kubernetes-based virtualization, enabling flexibility and independence from proprietary solutions.
```

* **Goal Alignment**: Align business and operational goals with the target solution. Define success for the organization in terms of scalability, cost-savings, and operational efficiencies.
* **Architecture Definition**: Specify the ideal architecture, detailing components such as compute requirements, network configurations, and storage options. This architecture will serve as a foundational roadmap for the next phases.

&nbsp;

### Phase 2 - Team Enablement and PoC

Educate the customer’s team with foundational OpenShift Virtualization skills and setup a proof-of-concept (PoC) platform for hands-on experience.

* **OpenShift Virtualization Fundamentals**: Conduct training sessions focused on KubeVirt essentials, helping the team understand the basics of Kubernetes-based virtualization tailored to the customer’s needs.
* **OpenShift Virtualization Architecture & Strategy**: Overview of how OpenShift Virtualization will fit into their infrastructure, focusing on integration points, best practices, and architectural guidelines.

> * **PoC Environment Setup**: Deploy a dedicated PoC platform on the customer’s preferred environment, whether on-premises or on a public cloud. This sandboxed setup allows the team to explore KubeVirt functionalities, test workloads, and experiment with different configurations safely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **PoC Environment Setup**: Deploy a dedicated PoC platform on the customer’s preferred environment, whether on-premises or on a public cloud. This sandboxed setup allows the team to explore OpenShift Virtualization functionalities, test workload and experiment with different configurations.
```

* **Hands-on Training**: Scenarios that allow the team to apply what they’ve learned, exploring tasks like creating or migrating virtual machines, managing resources, and testing different configurations within the PoC.

&nbsp;

### Phase 3 - Workload Assessment and Migration Planning

Create a structured approach for workload migration, focusing on identifying high-impact workloads and developing a feasible migration plan.

> * **Workload Categorization**: Work closely with the team to identify workloads that are “low-hanging fruits” for migration, typically those with high impact but low complexity. Each workload will be categorized based on factors like compatibility, migration effort, and expected savings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Workload Categorization**: Work closely with the team to identify "low-hanging fruits for migration, typically workload with high impact but low complexity. All workload will be categorized based on factors like compatibility, migration effort, and expected savings.
```

> * **Impact and Effort Analysis**: Evaluate each workload in terms of its potential impact on operations and the effort required for migration. This matrix helps prioritize workloads and create a phased migration approach, allowing for quick wins and clear cost-benefit insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Impact and Effort Analysis**: Evaluation of the potential impact on operations and the effort required for migration. This matrix helps prioritize workload and create a phased migration approach, allowing for quick wins and clear cost-benefit insights.
```
